all right so I needed to get a new
flashlight all the ones I've had were
like the small ones and I needed a big
one for a while and a lost one Bubble
Boy anyway you don't care so I got this
a Maglite it's the tooten he holds the
2d cells and it's the LED version so I
figured I'd give it a try
I like LED day you know they make the
batteries last longer he's a bright
light they're more durable in volleyball
anyway so I got home and this one was I
guess 23 bucks or something like that
and the regular mag light was the I
guess an incandescent bulb or whatever
it is was $24 it was a had held three D
batteries and it came with a double a
are the smaller light that was a double
I eat like two of those whatever and
that was 24 bucks and it came with
batteries I thought maybe these might
have the batteries inside them but no um
I guess they're pretty proud of it so I
went through my battery box which I
think most of us have vodka looks like
this way triple-a I don't have any D
cell batteries I was wondering if I
could make the yeah I just wanted to
play with it yeah you know how you know
how is gossamer get an 8 to a woman that
unless you're a thick so uh I got the 2
C batteries put that in there
Nina yeah little bit
as you can see it works well figured you
would want to use this all the time but
I figured in an emergency you know like
to go out whatever all you have left you
should already have good batteries in
your flashlight but life happens right
anyways that's just a way that you might
be able to get by with the wrong
batteries in the device that you need
anyways thanks for watching